README.md, before:


# infra

Indicio-specific infrastructure deployment and management tooling.

## Configuration

When running the Docker container, the following environment variables must be specified:

- DEPLOYMENT_ENV
- HTTP_PORT
- WS_PORT
- HTTP_ENDPOINT
- WS_ENDPOINT
- AGENT_NAME

In addition, be sure to expose the ports above on the Docker host.

Here's an example showing how to run the container directly from the CLI in interactive mode:

```sh
export IMAGE_VER=0.0.1
export IMAGE_NAME_FQ=707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/indicio-tech/aries-mediator

docker run -it \
    -e DEPLOYMENT_ENV=PROD \
    -e AGENT_NAME=example \
    -e HTTP_ENDPOINT=https://example.com \
    -e WS_ENDPOINT=ws://example.com \
    -e HTTP_PORT=3000 \
    -e WS_PORT=3001 \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    -p 3001:3001 \
    $IMAGE_NAME_FQ:$IMAGE_VER
```

## Building

The ECR domain that we use for our test environment is:

`707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com`

1. Ensure Docker and the AWS CLI are installed. See also: [Getting Started with Amazon ECR](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/getting-started-cli.html). You can use
a separate profile for the indicio-tech account by creating a directory for the same and
then setting the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` and `AWS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variables (see
also: [Configuration and Credential File Settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)):

    ```sh
    mkdir .aws
    export AWS_CONFIG_FILE=$(pwd)/.aws/config
    export AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE=$(pwd)/.aws/credentials
    aws configure
    ```

2. Retrieve an authentication token and authenticate your Docker client to your registry:

    ```sh
    aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-2 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com
    ```

3. Build the image. Note that you will need to set the IMAGE_VER environment variable:

    ```sh
    cd mediator
    IMAGE_VER=0.1.0 ./deploy mediator build
    ```

   By default, `build-image.sh` tags the image with the test environment ECR domain, but this can be overridden by setting the `ECR_DOMAIN` environment variable.

4. Test the image.

5. Push the image to AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR):

    ```sh
    IMAGE_VER=0.1.0 ./deploy mediator push
    ```

6. The image can now be deployed to AWS Elastic Container Services (ECS).

Commit message:

feat: persist test DB
Signed-off-by: Kurt Griffiths <mail@kgriffs.com>

README.md, after:


# infra

Indicio-specific infrastructure deployment and management tooling.

## Mediator

### Configuration

When running the Docker container, the following environment variables must be specified:

- DEPLOYMENT_ENV (DEV|TEST|PROD)
- HTTP_PORT
- WS_PORT
- HTTP_ENDPOINT
- WS_ENDPOINT
- AGENT_NAME

In addition, be sure to expose the ports above on the Docker host.

Here's an example showing how to run the container directly from the CLI in interactive mode:

```sh
export IMAGE_VER=0.0.1
export IMAGE_NAME_FQ=707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/indicio-tech/aries-mediator

docker run -it \
    -e DEPLOYMENT_ENV=TEST \
    -e AGENT_NAME=mediator-test \
    -e HTTP_ENDPOINT=http://example.com \
    -e WS_ENDPOINT=ws://example.com:8080 \
    -e HTTP_PORT=3000 \
    -e WS_PORT=3001 \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    -p 3001:3001 \
    $IMAGE_NAME_FQ:$IMAGE_VER
```

### Boostrapping

In order to persist a stable test state, the SQLite DB representing the test wallet must be boostrapped. To do so, run:

```sh
./deploy mediator bootstrap
```

Note that this command requires setting (in the shell environment) all of the configuration env variables specified earlier. This configuration must reflect the target test environment. These variables may be specified only for the command above or exported in the current shell.

This will create the test wallet under app/etc/indy/TEST if it does not exist. This wallet should be committed to source control for future use. This is OK since the wallet should only ever contain non-sensitive, throwaway test data.

To get an invite based on the test wallet, run:

```sh
./deploy mediator bootstrap --invite-only
```

This will fire up aca-py and have it print an invitation to the terminal that you can copy and use as needed.

### Building

The ECR domain that we use for our test environment is:

`707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com`

1. Ensure Docker and the AWS CLI are installed. See also: [Getting Started with Amazon ECR](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/getting-started-cli.html). You can use
a separate profile for the indicio-tech account by creating a directory for the same and
then setting the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` and `AWS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variables (see
also: [Configuration and Credential File Settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)):

    ```sh
    mkdir .aws
    export AWS_CONFIG_FILE=$(pwd)/.aws/config
    export AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE=$(pwd)/.aws/credentials
    aws configure
    ```

2. Retrieve an authentication token and authenticate your Docker client to your registry:

    ```sh
    aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-2 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 707906211298.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com
    ```

3. Build the image. Note that you will need to set the IMAGE_VER environment variable:

    ```sh
    cd mediator
    IMAGE_VER=0.1.0 ./deploy mediator build
    ```

   By default, `build-image.sh` tags the image with the test environment ECR domain, but this can be overridden by setting the `ECR_DOMAIN` environment variable.

4. Test the image.

5. Push the image to AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR):

    ```sh
    IMAGE_VER=0.1.0 ./deploy mediator push
    ```

6. The image can now be deployed to AWS Elastic Container Services (ECS).
