redis-pq-demo/README.md, before:

# Example run-time

This is a library that builds and deploys an instance of acapy that is configured to act as a mediator, and use REDIS to as a resilient method of managing acapy's event queue. 

How to see a full fledged demo, running a local ledger, and a set of agents using the mediator (with redis)  


1. Run a redis-cluster one is provided by using `docker-compose -f docker-compose.redis.yml up`
1. Run this configuration, `docker-compose up --build`


If you would like to run agents that connect to this mediator, the acapy playground demo can help. 

1. Run `docker-compose up` from the [demo/playground](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/demo/playground/)
1. Set `MEDITATOR_INVITATION_URL` in [mediator_ping_agents.py](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/demo/playground/scripts/mediator_ping_agents.py) to the invitation url provided by the mediator on startup. and run this python script, `python ./mediator_ping_agents.py` 
1. Run the [acapy playground demo](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/tree/main/demo/playground) with `APP_NETWORK_NAME=mediator_pq docker-compose up`
    - `mediator_ping_agents.py` accepts the mediator invitation for all the agents and pings the connections. If this succeed, each agent in the playground will have an active connection the mediator defined here.

Commit message:

provide actual commands instead of instructions
Signed-off-by: Jason Syrotuck <jasyrotuck@gmail.com>

redis-pq-demo/README.md, after:

# Example run-time

This is a demo that builds and deploys an instance of acapy that is configured to act as a mediator, and use REDIS to as a resilient method of managing acapy's event queue. 

How to see a full fledged demo, running a local ledger, and a set of agents using the mediator (with redis)  

To run a redis-cluster and acapy as a mediator with redis. 
```
git clone https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-mediator-service.git z
cd redis-pq-demo
docker-compose -f docker-compose.redis.yml up
docker-compose up --build
```

## Example agents

If you want to run a set of agents using the mediator, consider the acapy playground demo. 

```
git clone https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python.git
cd demo/playground
APP_NETWORK_NAME=mediator_pq docker-compose up
```

Next you will need to provide the script the inviation url by setting `MEDITATOR_INVITATION_URL` in [mediator_ping_agents.py](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/demo/playground/scripts/mediator_ping_agents.py) to the invitation url provided by the mediator on startup. and run this python script.

```
python ./mediator_ping_agents.py
```
